I could turn it off
and Werner does not have a wish
fulfill
but step by step so the eagle
the adapter is the inspiration from the
nature and that one has now
evolved and step by step
step there was the kink in the wing and
At some point this is still evolving
been
in so far right here so one
spiral structure and now we come to
The ventilator fan is made if
so you want many little wings and
they have been optimized according to the model
of the eagle and thus come here like this
loop out wings and bernard has
quite right there are lots of things
Fan
Just think about the whole computer
to the whole data centers or the
bigger fan not only for computer
for tekken if you only consider how
so much energy comes together when
you could optimize a fan by 30
percent then you could be here in europe
save in about two power plants and
that's exactly what you tried and that with
this device here a so-called
acoustic camera that's right
funny here you can see 36 microphones in
the middle of a camera and during the
I talk, you can see here a red that
means where it is in the way
deep red is there is more noise where
it is less red than less noise
So you can find out exactly where are
you put that and you did it with
the conventional fan and with the
bionic fan and look at it
result
on the left the conventional many red
Say a lot of turbulence and so too
loud and right the bionic fan of the
much quieter is the big advantage
Of course, less turbulence means as well
less power consumption
So far so glad it is the
Fans and you should never have the courage
give up thinking too big
take a look at that
windmills in big who knows in the
In the future there will be the big ones
bionic wind wheels even better
convert wind into electricity